Add the release note for 1.7.0 (#3489)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/release-notes/1.7.0.mdx

---
date: 2021-04-28
---

## 🌟 New features

- You can now monitor the state of all live threads and heap using <type://ManagementService>. #3463
  ```java
  // Server
  Server.builder()
        .serviceUnder("/internal/management/", ManagementService.of())
        ...
  // Client
  WebClient client = ...
  client.get("/internal/management/jvm/threaddump").aggregate().join();
  client.get("/internal/management/jvm/heapdump").aggregate().join();
  ```
- You can now set the abbreviated service name that is similar to the abbreviated logger name of
  [Logback](http://logback.qos.ch/manual/layouts.html#ClassicPatternLayout) via
  <type://ServiceNaming#shorten(int)>. #3453
  ```java
  Server.builder()
        .defaultServiceNaming(ServiceNaming.shorten(30))
        ...
  ```

## 📈 Improvements

- N/A

## 🛠️ Bug fixes

- You no longer see a wrong `serviceName` for annotated services when <type://ServiceNaming> is used. #3468
  - `ServiceRequestContext.config().defaultServiceName()` no longer returns `null` if a default service name
    is specified.

> - You no longer see a ClosedStreamException when a gRPC call is cancelled by a client. #3452 #3455

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You no longer see a <type://ClosedStreamException> when a gRPC call is cancelled by a client. #3452 #3455
```

> - You no longer see `Socket.initialize()` error message failed due to a `UnsatisfiedLinkError`. #3457 #3485

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You no longer see the `Failed to force-initialize 'io.netty.channel.unix.Socket'` error message
  when Armeria attempts to load native libraries. #3457 #3485
```

- You can now specify an absolute URI using <type://WebClient#prepare()>. #3479
  - You can specify a query string both in a path string and via
    <type://WebClientRequestPreparation#queryParam(String,Object)>.

> - You no longer see redundant parameters in DocService when Kotlin data class is used. #3454 #3461

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You no longer see redundant parameters in <type://DocService> when Kotlin data class is used. #3454 #3461
```

- You no longer see an `IllegalStateException` when a <type://StreamMessage#of(Path)?full> or
  <type://StreamMessage#of(File)?full> is used in a client-side. #3450
- You no longer have to specify a custom <type://JacksonRequestConverterFunction> or
  <type://JacksonResponseConverterFunction> for Kotlin data class and Scala case class if you add
  `com.fasterxml.jackson.module:jackson-module-kotlin` or `com.fasterxml.jackson.module:jackson-module-scala`
  as a dependency. #3458
- You no longer see an `EofException` when writing to a timed-out response stream in <type://JettyService>.
  It's discarded silently. #3460
- You no longer see a <type://CancellationException> when an exception is raised by
  a <type://FilteredStreamMessage>. #3449
- You no longer see the <type://RequestTimeoutException> log message when a response stream fails due to
  cancellation or timeout. #3459
- A timeout exception is created only when a request or response is timed out. #3462

> - Armeria now rejects all HTTP/1 and HTTP/2 CONNECT requests explicitly. #3482

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Armeria now rejects all CONNECT requests explicitly, except HTTP/2 CONNECT requests with
  a `:protocol` pseudo header. #3482
```
